Update tellstick to match with new sensor configuration (#8716)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_components/tellstick.markdown

  required: false
  type: string
only_named:

>   description: Only show the named sensors. Add sensors to only include specified sensors. If this is not specified the all sensors will be imported and the names will be based on each sensors ID number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Only add and include specified sensors. If this is not specified all sensors will be imported and the names will be based on each sensor's ID number.
```
